Wkcuber with typer (#903)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: webknossos/Changelog.md

### Added

### Changed

> - Integrated the WEBKNOSSOS cuber tool into WEBKNOSSOS python library
> - To get an overview of all webknossos subcommands type `webknossos --help`. If the usage of a single subcommand is of interest type `webknossos <subcommand> --help`
>   - In favor of adding the cli to the webknossos package, some existing commands changed:
>     - `python -m wkcuber`, `python -m wkcuber.convert_image_stack_to_wkw` -> `webknossos convert`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.export_wkw_as_tiff` -> `webknossos export-wkw-as-tiff`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.convert_knossos` -> `webknossos convert-knossos`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.convert_nifti` -> `webknossos convert-nifti`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.convert_raw` -> `webknossos convert-raw`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.downsampling` -> `webknossos downsample`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.compress` -> `webknossos compress`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.check_equality` -> `webknossos check-equality`
>   - There is one new command for the cli:
>     - `webknossos upload` to upload a dataset to a WEBKNOSSOS server
>   - Some commands have been removed:
>     - `python -m wkcuber.cubing`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.tile_cubing`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.metadata`
>     - `python -m wkcuber.recubing`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrated the `wkcuber` CLI tool into `webknossos` package. [#903](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/903)
  - To get an overview of all webknossos subcommands type `webknossos --help`. If the usage of a single subcommand is of interest type `webknossos <subcommand> --help`
  - These commands were changed:
    - `python -m wkcuber`, `python -m wkcuber.convert_image_stack_to_wkw` -> `webknossos convert`
    - `python -m wkcuber.export_wkw_as_tiff` -> `webknossos export-wkw-as-tiff`
    - `python -m wkcuber.convert_knossos` -> `webknossos convert-knossos`
    - `python -m wkcuber.convert_nifti` -> `webknossos convert-nifti`
    - `python -m wkcuber.convert_raw` -> `webknossos convert-raw`
    - `python -m wkcuber.downsampling` -> `webknossos downsample`
    - `python -m wkcuber.compress` -> `webknossos compress`
    - `python -m wkcuber.check_equality` -> `webknossos check-equality`
  - There is one new command:
    - `webknossos upload` to upload a dataset to a WEBKNOSSOS server
  - These commands have been removed:
    - `python -m wkcuber.cubing`
    - `python -m wkcuber.tile_cubing`
    - `python -m wkcuber.metadata`
    - `python -m wkcuber.recubing`
```

### Added
- `Group.add_tree` now also accepts a tree object as a first parameter (instead of only a string). [#891](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/891)
- `Group.remove_tree_by_id` was added. [#891](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/891)

> - Integrated the WEBKNOSSOS cuber tool into WEBKNOSSOS python library

Reviewer: Please add a bit more here:
- A list of all old commands and corresponding new commands (e.g. `wkcuber.convert_raw -> webknossos convert-raw`
- Any commands that are gone?
- Other high-level changes the users need to be aware of

Author: I added a list of changed, added and removed commands.
